- [Instructor] When processing chunks of data
in a batch job, issues can arise that are just a matter
of bad timing and they can be resolved
by simply reattempting to process an item.
For these types of issues, Spring Batch's retry capability
can prevent bad timing from turning
into late night phone calls.
Let's imagine we kick off a job
and that we must call a web service to process items
within our data set.
During processing of the second item in the chunk,
the web service has an intermittent issue.
It's not a hard failure.
It could just be small network blip.
If we have configured Spring Batch's retry capabilities,
the framework will reattempt processing of the item.
This time when we attempt to process the item,
the web service has become available.
So, when we reattempt processing,
the item will complete successfully
without any intervention by a batch job operator.
Our job then can successfully complete
without anyone losing sleep.
Let's move onto the next lesson
and I'll show you how to configure this feature
within a Spring Batch job.